# Charity

This type is used to identify the charitable organization associated with the listing, and the percentage of the sale proceeds that the charitable organization will receive for each sale generated by the listing. In order to receive a percentage of the sales proceeds, the charitable organization must be registered with the PayPal Giving Fund, which is a partner of eBay for Charity.

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**charity_id** | **str** | The eBay-assigned unique identifier of the charitable organization that will receive a percentage of the sales proceeds. The charitable organization must be reqistered with the PayPal Giving Fund in order to receive sales proceeds through eBay listings. This field is conditionally required if a seller is planning on donating a percentage of the sale proceeds to a charitable organization. The eBay-assigned unique identifier of a charitable organization can be found using the GetCharities call of the Trading API. In the GetCharities call response, this unique identifier is shown in the id attribute of the Charity container. | [optional] 
**donation_percentage** | **str** | This field is the percentage of the purchase price that the charitable organization (identified in the charityId field) will receive for each sale that the listing generates. This field is conditionally required if a seller is planning on donating a percentage of the sale proceeds to a charitable organization. This numeric value can range from 10 to 100, and in any 5 (percent) increments in between this range (e.g. 10, 15, 20...95,... 100). The seller would pass in 10 for 10 percent, 15 for 15 percent, 20 for 20 percent, and so on, all the way to 100 for 100 percent. | [optional] 
**any string name** | **bool, date, datetime, dict, float, int, list, str, none_type** | any string name can be used but the value must be the correct type | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


